DAX:
There it goes again.
That's the seventh time
in the last two hours.
what's causing it?
Still no idea
It seems to be
opening and closing
completely at random.
No unusual readings.
No ships coming through.
For all we know,
the Bajorans are right.
Maybe it is a message
from the Prophets.
Emissary.
Hmm. If it is,
they didn't tell me.
Maybe the Prophets
don't recognize you
with the new beard.
There must be a scientific
explanation for this.
DAX:
Here we go.
Something funny, old man?
Hmm? No, nothing.
Sisko here.
Ops to Captain Sisko.
WORF:
Captain, we are receiving
a priority one message
from Starfleet Security.
On my way.
Then the Andorian says,
"That's not my antenna."
Why do I bother?
Quark!
What can I do for
you, Constable?
Dax... where is she?
She's not here.
Is there anything else
I can do for you?
You find all this very funny,
don't you?
probably planned it together.
You and Dax
Planned what?
Moving my furniture.
Is that what this
is all about?
Someone moved
your furniture?
Not someone-- Commander Dax.
she's done it this past year.
It's the fourth time
She breaks into my quarters
while I'm regenerating,
and moves all my furniture
out of alignment.
three centimeters to the right,
Shifts one piece
four centimeters to the left.
the next
Not one object in my quarters
is where
it's supposed to be.
And... is that a bad thing?
Everything I own is carefully
and painstakingly arranged.
Dax knows this,
and yet she takes
a perverse delight
in throwing
my quarters into chaos.
I'd hardly call three
centimeters "chaos."
Maybe you wouldn't,
but I do.
You humanoids are all alike.
You have no sense of order,
humanoid person I know.
and Dax is the most
Sisko to Constable Odo.
Odo here.
Please report to Ops
immediately.
Acknowledged.
Uh, when you see Dax,
say hello to her for me.
How many people were
at the conference?
27, including
the Tholian observer.
27... it's unbelievable.
SISKO:
Federation President
Jaresh-Inyo has declared
a planet-wide day of mourning.
Constable, take a seat.
Of course.
WORF:
Ten minutes ago, we
received a recording
of a high-level
diplomatic conference
that took place
between the Federation
and the Romulan Empire
on Earth two days ago.
Computer, begin replay
at time index 5-9-11.
A bomb.
Of unknown composition.
A crime like this hasn't
been committed on Earth
in over a hundred years.
Go back and show him
what you showed us.
Computer, restart recording
at time index 5-9-1-6.
One-tenth normal speed.
Freeze picture.
Enlarge section F-3
and enhance.
Keep your eye on the
piece of pottery.
Computer,
resume at one-tenth speed.
That's a changeling.
was found in the aftermath.
No sign of a changeling
WORF:
We must assume that
it escaped unharmed.
I was hoping that this
would never happen,
but it finally has.
have reached Earth.
The changelings
How's that?
Another centimeter
to the left.
Shouldn't you be
on the Lakota?
The Lakota won't depart
for another hour.
Which gives us plenty of time
you've done to my room.
to repair the damage
your solemn word that you'll
And while I'm gone, I want
stay out of
my quarters.
You've got it.
So, how long do you think
you and Captain Sisko
will be on Earth?
I have no idea.
I just hope this trip
isn't a waste of time.
what Captain Sisko and I
I'm not sure
can tell Starfleet
about my people
that hasn't already
been in our reports.
Believe me, Odo,
with changelings on Earth,
Starfleet's going to need
all the help it can get.
There. How's that?
A little more
to the left.
Whatever you say,
Constable.
the size of the eggplant
Wait till you see
of my garden this year.
I'm getting out
As big as Crenshaw melons,
and twice as heavy.
So, how is Judith?
She still helping out
in the restaurant?
I sent her home to Portland.
her own life to worry about.
Your sister's got
cayenne pepper in the jambalaya.
Besides, she never puts enough
Just like Mom.
no business in the kitchen.
Which means she has
It'll be good to have you
home again, Benjamin.
Jake, too.
isn't exactly a vacation.
Dad, you know that this
of my time in San Francisco
I'll be spending most
at Starfleet Headquarters.
Whatever you do during the day
is your business.
But at dinner time,
you better get yourself
down to New Orleans.
to eat that replicated slop
No son of mine is going
Starfleet calls food.
Not if I have anything
to say about it.
You won't get any
argument from me.
So, Dad...
you feeling okay?
Oh, let's not start that again.
It's just a question.
You look a little tired.
How's the new aorta holding up?
I am a medical marvel.
The doctors say
At the rate things are going,
in a year or two
I won't have an original organ
left in my body.
in the medical books.
They'll write me up
Well, but you're feeling okay?
Just point me in the direction
of a party and a pretty girl,
and I'll show you
how good I feel.
as soon as you and Jake get in.
Make sure you call me
Your rooms are always waiting
and ready for you.
I know that, Dad.
before you know it.
We'll be there
Jake-o.
Dad.
You just missed
Grandpa Joe.
Did you tell him we're
staying in San Francisco?
Uh, I didn't quite
get around to it.
Ah. Dad.
if we stay with Grandpa,
You know
to work in the kitchen.
he's going to put me
Is that so bad?
Well, chopping vegetables
for nine hours a day
isn't exactly my idea
of a vacation.
Well, Jake, you're
not a child anymore.
Grandpa will not expect you
to chop vegetables.
He'll want you to wait tables.
Oh!
( laughs )
Barkeep.
So, what can I get
you two flyboys?
A Scotch, neat,
and a pint of your finest
bitter for my mate.
Make it quick.
The cabbage crates
will be coming back
over the briny
any minute now.
I'd hate to let the Jerries
All right, all right.
and pleasant land of yours
strafe that green
while the two of you
were taking time out
to get a drink.
No choice, man.
Ritual, you know.
To Clive, the best bloke
ever to prang his kite
into the Channel.
Ah, got to keep
a stiff upper lip.
Hear, hear.
Down the hatch.
Ah-ah!
Now, remember what I said
about throwing glasses.
So, you want to go back up
and have another crack
at the Jerries?
Oh, I don't know.
To tell you the truth,
my heart isn't in it.
Aren't you taking
Clive's death
a little seriously?
After all, he was just
a holosuite character.
It's not Clive.
It's Earth.
You probably wouldn't
understand this, Quark,
but when you care
about a place,
and it's in trouble,
and you want to do
something about it
and you can't,
it's very frustrating.
I know exactly what you mean.
When the Great Monetary Collapse
hit Ferenginar,
of light-years away,
I was hundreds
on a long-haul freighter.
serving as a ship's cook
the heartbreak I suffered,
I can't tell you
knowing that rampant inflation
and currency devaluation
were burning
like wildfires
through the lush financial
foliage of my home.
It still depresses me
even today.
my accounts needed me,
I remember thinking
and there was nothing
I could do.
I-I-I felt so... so helpless.
So you see...
I do understand.
Somehow, you
telling me that
doesn't make me feel
the least bit better.
Hu-mans.
All you care about
is yourselves.
O'BRIEN:
Odo!
Hang on a second.
the Battle of Britain
Well, I take it
has been won yet again.
There's a Spitfire
with your name on it
waiting in
the hangar.
When you get
back from Earth
you can take Clive's
place in the squadron.
Somehow I doubt it.
Look, Odo,
do me a favor.
If you get a chance,
stop by and visit
my folks in Dublin.
Just make sure
they're okay, you know?
I'll try to find the time.
Good. I'll let them know
you might drop by.
Anyone I can look up
for you, Doctor?
Uh, no, no,
that'll be fine.
Um, just wish I was
coming with you.
Well, to be quite
honest, Doctor,
were going with me.
I wish both of you
I could use the company.
that a shape-shifter
I... I doubt
will be welcome on Earth
at the moment.
No one can hold
you responsible
for what your people
are doing.
Oh, really?
Well, I'd better get
over to the Lakota.
We'll be
leaving shortly.
Good luck.
I don't believe in luck.
But I appreciate the sentiment.
Well, we better get
out of these uniforms.
Ah.
The Lakota's
gone to warp.
When was the last time
the wormhole opened?
12 hours ago.
Perhaps it has
returned to normal.
I suppose so.
You sound
disappointed, Major.
I guess I am.
the Prophets were behind it,
Part of me was hoping that
going to show themselves
that they were finally
to the Bajoran people.
I prefer Klingon beliefs.
I supposed your gods
aren't as cryptic as ours.
Our gods are dead.
slew them a millennia ago.
Ancient Klingon warriors
They were more trouble
than they were worth.
I don't think I'll ever
understand Klingons.
Don't worry
about it, Major.
Nobody does.
That's the way
they like it.
Ben.
Admiral Leyton.
Good to see you
again, sir.
Captain Sisko.
( laughs )
This is my adjutant,
Commander Benteen.
Benjamin was
my executive officer
aboard the Okinawa
I did all right.
and a damn
fine one, too.
BENTEEN:
Ah, don't be modest.
Admiral Leyton has had his
share of executive officers
and you're the only one
he ever speaks fondly of.
Present company
excluded.
Admiral Leyton is the one
who recommended me
for the job on Deep Space 9.
One of my better ideas.
You must be Odo.
That's right.
Forgive me for staring,
but you're the first
changeling I've ever met.
That you know of.
I sympathize
with your problem.
Uncovering changeling
infiltrators
is no easy task.
Well, with the help
of the two of you,
I trust it'll be
a little easier.
What exactly do you
want us to do?
We'd like to confer
with you and Odo.
See if there's anything
about the Founders
you left out
of your official reports.
I'll help in
any way I can,
but I think you'll find my
reports were quite thorough.
SISKO:
Admiral,
I doubt you brought us
all this way
just for a debriefing.
Of course not.
Ben, Earth is in danger--
maybe the greatest
danger it's faced
since the last World War.
Something has to be done
about these shape-shifters,
which is why
you're here.
You know more
about the Dominion
than anyone in Starfleet.
And so, effective immediately,
I'm making you acting head
of Starfleet Security
here on Earth.
Congratulations, Captain.
This is one beautiful fish.
Seems a shame
to eat a trout this pretty.
Why, you should thank me
for the privilege
of simply looking at it.
Well, go on, take a bite.
It won't bite you back.
Now, I don't want to see
the dessert menu.
anybody studying
but the bread pudding soufflé,
If you order anything
you'll be making a mistake
you will regret
the rest of your lives.
You should listen
to him.
The man knows
his bread pudding.
Benjamin!
( both laugh )
Dad.
Jake-o.
Hey.
When are you going
to stop growing?
If you keep this up,
you'll be bumping your head
on that alligator
before too long.
I remember when
you used to tell me
that alligator
was just in stasis
and you let it
out every night
to guard the restaurant.
Oh, I had to stop doing that.
It got to be too much trouble
to the ceiling every morning.
wrestling it back up
Come on, I'll get Nathan
to bring you both
something to eat,
and we can catch up.
Nathan, some gumbo
for these fine, young men.
Yes, sir.
NATHAN:
this shape-shifting fellow
So... where's
you were coming with?
With things the way they are,
Odo thought it would be better
at Starfleet Headquarters.
if he stayed
I don't blame him.
I haven't seen people so nervous
since the Borg scare.
Me, personally,
I'd like to meet him.
Though I have to admit
about anyone who doesn't eat.
I-I'm a little suspicious
JAKE:
Grandpa.
Well, aren't you going
to eat anything?
I ate before you got here.
( utensil clatters )
Son, don't look at me that way.
You've lost weight.
You think so?
The doctors said you have
to keep your weight up.
Don't you start, too.
I have a vat of crayfish
in the back
that needs cleaning,
and it's got
your name on it.
one time and one time only.
Now, I'm going to say this
I am fine.
and I'm planning on celebrating
I'm happy, I'm healthy,
at least 50
more birthdays.
Satisfied?
Mmm. Gumbo is as good
as I remember.
Starfleet must be taking
the shape-shifters
pretty seriously
all the way back here.
to have you come
It is serious, Dad.
right here on Earth.
27 people murdered
Never thought I'd see the day.
But now that my son's
on the case,
I feel a lot better.
Jake!
Nog?
Captain Sisko.
What do you think?
You look good, Cadet.
You think so?
Nog, I thought
I was going to see you
tomorrow
at the Academy.
You are.
I'm just here
for dinner.
Nathan, the usual.
SISKO:
I didn't know
you liked Creole food.
I like tube grubs.
I don't.
the only person on this planet
And your father is
who can get me live ones.
of adding them to our menu.
I've been thinking
Of course, I'll have
to cook them
for our human customers,
serve them with
a nice remoulade.
What good are tube grubs
Cook them?
if they don't wiggle
on the way down?
So, how's everything
at the Academy?
Jake, they call it the Academy,
but what it really is,
is school.
Well, I want to hear about it.
It's a lot of work--
lots of studying--
lots of classes,
I'm doing okay.
Now, where are those tube grubs?
You come back soon.
Good night.
Come on, Ben.
I've got a nice
bottle of cognac
I've been saving
for a special occasion
and I think
this qualifies.
I think you're right.
Ah, there's nothing like
a full stomach
to make life
worth living.
So you going to tell me
what's on your mind or not?
What do you mean?
I mean, you didn't
stay here until closing
just to get
one more root beer.
Something's up.
My friend, the writer...
always looking for a good story.
If you don't want to tell me,
fine, don't tell me.
It's nothing.
It's stupid.
All right.
Forget about it.
It's just...
the Academy's different
than I thought it would be.
Different how?
Some of the cadets--
they're kind of standoffish,
especially the upperclassmen.
Because you're a Ferengi?
That's what I thought at first,
some of the other freshmen
but then I heard
about the same thing.
complaining
Complaining about what?
Little things.
For instance, there's this group
called Red Squad
made up of all the top students.
going off on trips,
They're always
getting special training.
will even talk to me.
None of them
You've only been in the Academy
for a month.
to fit in right away.
You can't expect
you might even be in Red Squad.
Who knows? One of these days,
I'm sure if you let them
get to know you,
a really good guy to be around,
show them you're
everything'll work out.
I am a good guy to be around,
aren't I?
I always thought so.
Mr. President, I'd like
to introduce Captain Sisko.
Captain, I've seen your record,
most exemplary.
Thank you, sir.
Captain Sisko has
several suggestions
Dominion infiltration.
on how to combat
I think you'll find them
very interesting.
Hmm...
for increased security, but...
I understand the need
blood screenings,
phaser sweeps?
They've proven very effective
on Deep Space 9.
I'm sure they have,
but I hope you'll keep in mind
that this is Earth,
a military installation.
and not
Which means it's a
lot more vulnerable.
We have to take
precautions.
Precautions may be advisable,
but I will not disrupt the lives
of the population,
despite what happened
at Antwerp.
I believe the changeling threat
to be somewhat less serious
than Starfleet does.
Mr. President,
I assure you,
the threat is real.
only one changeling on Earth,
For all we know, there was
even be here anymore.
and he may not
But if he is here,
we have a problem.
There's no telling
how much damage
one changeling can do.
for saying so, Captain,
Forgive me
a little paranoid.
but you sound
Do I?
Forgive the intrusion,
Mr. President,
but as you can see,
Starfleet has every right
to be concerned.
Allow me
to introduce Odo,
my Chief
of Security.
A very effective
entrance, Mr. Odo.
have been allowed to take place.
One that never should
Admiral Leyton and Captain Sisko
walked in here
without being blood-tested,
without being searched,
and without having
their possessions
subjected
to phaser sweeps.
SISKO:
If Odo was
a Dominion infiltrator,
he could've killed you.
Or replaced you.
The way security is now,
a changeling could
get anywhere on Earth,
replace anyone,
even you.
SISKO:
Mr. President,
all we want is your permission
to increase security
at Federation and Starfleet
installations here on Earth.
Blood tests will be limited
Federation officials,
to high-ranking
and their families.
Starfleet officers
The average citizen
won't even notice
the difference.
I wish these security measures
were not necessary,
and the entire Federation
but the safety of Earth
depends on them.
a convincing argument, Captain.
You present
but to accept your proposals.
It seems I have no choice
Thank you, sir.
Don't thank me.
of another solution,
If I could think
I would use it.
for Earth to evolve
It took centuries
into the peaceful haven
it is today.
I would hate to be remembered
as the Federation President
who destroyed paradise.
We're not looking to destroy
paradise, Mr. President.
We're looking to save it.
Activate the phaser.
That's enough.
How do you feel?
Well...
that time I definitely
experienced discomfort.
What was the setting?
Three point one.
If we set
the phasers at 3.4,
we should be able to stun
any changeling we hit
and force them back
into a gelatinous state.
I'd push it to 3.5
just to be on
the safe side.
But if you want to do
any more tests,
another guinea pig.
you'll have to get
I've been shot quite enough
for one day.
3.5 it is.
I want these units installed
in every room at Starfleet
and Federation Headquarters.
Then start working
on the orbital stations.
We'll have them in place
by tomorrow night.
I want to thank you, Captain.
Thank me? For what?
For convincing
the President
to implement
these security measures.
It feels like we're
finally on the right track.
Ha. You'd think she
would have thanked me as well.
I'm the one who got shot
13 times today.
Captain Sisko.
interrupting anything.
I hope I'm not
We were just
about finished.
Can I speak to you
for a minute?
In private?
Captain, I just want to say
I appreciate everything you've
done for me so far, and...
Jake says you're having
difficulty in school.
He told you that?!
He tells me everything.
I don't want you
to get the wrong idea!
Nog, you and I both knew
that it was going
to take a while
for you to adjust
to the Academy,
to adjust to you.
and for the Academy
I know, but it
turned out to be
even more difficult
than I expected.
And I intend to.
You're just going to
have to stick with it.
In fact, I think I've come up
with something
to help me make
some new friends.
But I need your help.
Good.
I want to join Red Squad.
What do you think?
Red Squad?
I don't know what to think,
I've never heard of it.
It's an elite squad
of cadets at the Academy.
You know,
the best of the best.
They get special classes,
simulated missions,
off-campus training sessions,
all kinds of things.
A group of elite cadets?
They never had
anything like that
when I was at
the Academy.
Oh, it's pretty new.
It's a way of rewarding
excellence among the cadets.
I have the grades
to qualify,
but I need to be sponsored
by a high-ranking officer.
Ah, and you want me
to put your name in
for consideration?
All I'm asking for
is a chance to prove myself.
I... I'm kind of busy
right now, Nog.
But if I get the chance,
I'll see what I can do.
Thank you, sir!
This means a lot to me.
I can see that.
Dismissed, Cadet.
Yes, sir.
( door opens )
( sighs )
Well, look who's here.
Come in, stranger.
Sorry.
I haven't been around
much lately.
Oh, things have gotten
a little busy.
You want to tell me
about it?
I'm afraid I can't.
You'd think that Admiral
could spare you
for a few hours a day
to visit your father.
With you in San Francisco,
and Jake off visiting
that school in New Zealand,
it's like the two of you
aren't even here.
You know, Dad, you
could come and visit us
at the station
once in a while.
Don't start that again.
Earth's my home,
it's where I belong.
Besides, what would happen
to the restaurant
if I went gallivanting
around the galaxy?
You think Nathan can handle
this place on his own?
Nathan will be running
things around here
sooner than you think
if you don't take
better care of yourself.
I had a talk with your doctor,
and he tells me that you
haven't been in to see him
for eight months.
The man's an idiot.
He's lived in New Orleans
20 years
and can't tell the difference
between Creole food
and Cajun food.
Maybe not, but he can
tell the difference
between a healthy body
and one with progressive
atherosclerosis.
He says that if you
don't come in
for vascular
regeneration therapy
that this restaurant will
be looking for a new owner.
Ben, at my age, staying
healthy is a full-time job,
and I am too old
to work two jobs.
Now, how long
until you're due back
at Starfleet
Headquarters?
I've got about an hour.
Just enough time
to take a walk
to Audubon Park.
You up for a stroll
with your old man?
I can't think of anything
I'd rather do.
Nathan, don't forget
to stir the gumbo.
Odo.
That was really something.
I've never seen you
imitate a life-form before.
Well, I was just taking
a little aerial tour
of San Francisco.
It's quite nice.
as the cities on Bajor,
Not as ancient
but almost as impressive.
Makes me wonder
how many other changelings
might be flying around
up there.
If all they're doing is flying
around imitating sea gulls,
we don't have much
to worry about.
I doubt that
other changelings
are wasting their time
imitating birds.
They don't all share
Odo's lack of skill
when it comes to
mimicking humans.
That's right, they don't.
you're keeping that in mind.
I'm glad
Well, if you ask me,
that was a pretty
convincing sea gull.
Thank you.
the gulls would agree.
Though I'm not sure
Commander, I think we've taken
up enough of Mr. Odo's time.
Keep practicing.
You'll have those birds
fooled in no time.
Yes.
Admiral?
I know that Starfleet Command
has always been
a little uneasy
about a changeling
working in their midst.
I just wanted to say
how much I appreciate
the trust you've
shown in me.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Well done, Odo.
( grunts )
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
How did you know
he wasn't me?
Oh, I'm not sure exactly.
It's as if I could feel
hostility toward me.
the changeling's
You're the only changeling
who's ever harmed
one of his own people.
I'm sure that hasn't
made you many friends.
What I'd like to know is
why was he imitating me.
You have access to all
our security procedures,
all our protocols,
that makes you
a logical target.
I suppose so.
The bottom line is, a
changeling infiltrated
the grounds of
Starfleet Headquarters,
imitated the Admiral,
and got away scot-free.
Our security measures
aren't working.
We're doing everything
the president will let us do.
Maybe that's not enough.
We could talk
to the president again.
I'm afraid that would
be a waste of time.
a fine President in peacetime,
Jaresh-Inyo would be
but we have a war on our hands,
and he doesn't seem
to understand that.
is not upsetting people.
All he cares about
But humans are tougher
than he thinks.
We've created a paradise here,
and we're willing to fight
to protect it.
And you think the president
isn't willing to fight.
I think the president
is a long way from home.
This isn't his world.
We can't expect him to care
about it the way we do.
( combadge chirps )
Sisko here.
Captain, your son's trying
to contact you.
MAN:
Put him through.
He says it's urgent.
Dad, you'd better get down here
right away.
What's wrong?
He's been arrested.
It's Grandpa.
What's going on here?
Captain, we never meant for
things to get out of hand.
What did you think
would happen--
and accusing me and my grandson
storming in here
of being a couple
of shape-shifters?
We never accused you of being
a shape-shifter, Mr. Sisko.
We were just carrying out
our orders.
All family members
of Starfleet personnel
are required to submit
to blood screenings.
No exceptions.
That's the most ridiculous thing
I ever heard of.
Do you believe that?
I should. I signed
the orders myself.
Now why would you go and do
a stupid thing like that?
Dad, it has to be done.
Grandpa, look.
I'll take the test first.
Go ahead.
Now me.
Sir, that's not necessary.
Do it anyway.
It's your turn.
I'm a shape-shifter?
Jake, do you think
Come on, Grandpa.
Answer the question.
No, I don't think
you're a shape-shifter.
At least somebody in my family
has some sense.
Dad!
I don't want
to hear about it.
You take these two
vampires and tell them
to either sit down
and grab a menu
or get out of
my restaurant.
Jake, get them a menu.
But, sir...
I would recommend
the shrimp creole.
Look, Dad...
I don't want to hear it.
Listen to me...
you have got to
take the test.
Why should I?
If I was an enemy spy,
looking to replace someone,
I think I could
come up with better choices
than an old chef.
Yeah, you're probably right,
but this isn't about you.
We've got civilian families
living on starships
and Starfleet installations
all over the Federation.
The only way we can
secure those facilities
is to test everyone there
whether they wear
a uniform or not.
I'm not living
on a Starfleet installation.
Dad, if we test
the family members
of one Starfleet officer,
we must test them all.
You may want
to test everyone,
but that doesn't mean
we all have to cooperate.
I didn't take
an oath to Starfleet.
Neither did Jake or your sister
or anyone in your family.
We have rights, Ben,
including the right
to be as stubborn
or thickheaded as we want.
Damn it, Dad!
Can't you cooperate
just one time?
You don't take
your medication.
You don't go
to the doctor.
You won't let Judith help
you in the restaurant.
Just one time, please
do what you're asked.
I wish I could,
but what you're
asking me to do is wrong.
You can't go around
making people prove they are
who they say they are.
That's no way to live,
and I'm not going
to go along with it.
Now, if you want
to make yourself useful,
start some water boiling
for the shrimp.
Come on, Dad.
Don't be this way.
I will get a warrant...
If I have to,
And what?
Hold me down and force me
to give you my blood?
Because that's the only way
you'll get...
Damn it!
Now look what I've done.
Jake?
Yeah?
I've got a dermal regenerator
under the...
Benjamin Lafayette Sisko.
has gotten into your head?
What the hell
I was one of them, didn't you?
You actually thought
I don't know.
I wasn't sure.
This business has got you
so twisted around,
you, you can't think straight.
You're seeing shape-shifters
everywhere.
Maybe you ought to think
about something for a minute.
If I was
a smart shape-shifter--
the first thing I would do
a really good one--
some poor soul off the street,
would be to grab
absorb every ounce of his blood
and let it out on cue,
whenever someone like you
tried to test me.
Don't you see?
that's been created
There isn't a test
can't find his way around.
a smart man
to catch shape-shifters
You aren't going
using some gadget.
you can count on in this life...
The only thing
( gasping )
Grandpa!
( groaning )
The EMTs said he'd be okay
and they were right.
It turns out
it was just a mild stroke,
by his atherosclerosis.
brought on
How's Jake handling it?
He is very upset.
He knows as well as I do
that if my father doesn't
take better care of himself...
( chuckling )
I've found that when it comes
to doing what's best for you,
have the distressing habit
you humanoids
of doing the exact opposite.
I can't argue with that.
But what bothers me is
that for a few moments there,
I really believed
that my own father
was a changeling.
considering the circumstances.
A reasonable assumption
if it's reasonable or not...
I don't care
( sighs ):
can't trust his own father...
but when a son
That's why my people
came here--
and mutual understanding
to undermine the trust
the Federation is built on.
But what if my father's right?
What if all our precautions
turn out to be useless?
doesn't mean you should give up.
Maybe they will, but that
My people are here,
and you've got to fight them
with whatever you've got.
I hope you don't take this
the wrong way, Constable,
you'd never found your people.
but there are times I wish
Believe me, Captain...
sometimes I feel the same way.
Grandpa, would you
please sit down?
Enjoy your meal.
Your food will
be right out.
supposed to mean?
What's that look
You sat down.
Damn right I sat down.
I feel terrible.
You should be in bed.
Jake, the only time
you should be in bed
is if you're sleeping, dying,
to a beautiful woman.
or making love
I'm not tired, I'm not dying,
I'm too old for beautiful women,
and the truth is,
so I might as well be here.
you should be worried about.
Your father's the one
Dad? Why?
I've never seen him so tense.
It's like he's carrying
the weight of the world
on his shoulders.
He is.
I suppose he is, at that.
( patrons gasp )
What happened?
I don't know.
The whole block's dark.
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Admiral, what's going on?
From what we can tell, Earth's
entire power relay system's
been knocked off line.
Even Starfleet's emergency
backup's been affected.
How could that happen?
I don't know
but if you ask me, there's only
one possible explanation...
Sabotage.
The changelings.
Take out the
power relays,
and you neutralize
sensors, transporters,
surface-based defense
installations...
Earth is defenseless.
In other words,
If the Dominion attacks now,
we don't stand a chance.
I'm not interested
in excuses.
It is imperative
we get the power relay system
functioning again.
Mr. President.
How did you people get here?
and used their transporters.
We contacted the Lakota
as acting head of Earth Security
Mr. President,
to declare a state of emergency.
I must advise you
You're serious.
of the Borg incident,
With the exception
a state of emergency
there hasn't been
declared on Earth in a century.
I am aware of that,
but I have reason to believe
that a Dominion war fleet
may be in the Alpha Quadrant
headed for Earth.
Do you have evidence
to back this up?
Just before we left
Deep Space 9,
the wormhole was exhibiting
some unusual behavior--
opening and closing
for no apparent reason.
We didn't detect any ships
coming through at the time,
but the Dominion
might have been using
some kind
of cloaking technology.
I wasn't aware the Dominion
had cloaking technology.
The combined Cardassian
and Romulan fleet
that the Dominion destroyed
in the Gamma Quadrant
was equipped
with cloaking devices.
Who knows what my people might
have taken from the wreckage.
till the power relays are fixed?
How long
From what we can tell,
the changelings
infected the system
with some kind
of self-replicating
computer protocol.
It jumped from one
power relay to the next,
disrupting every system
it came in contact with.
The only way
to correct the problem
is to shut down the entire grid,
purge all the operating systems,
and restart
the relays.
And that could take days.
Which is why
it is imperative
that you declare
a state of emergency.
What good will that do
when we have no way
to defend ourselves?
Mr. President, we can use
the Lakota's transporters
and communications system
every Starfleet officer on Earth
to mobilize
in less than 12 hours.
for something like this
We've been preparing
for a long time.
We have stockpiles
of phaser rifles,
personal force fields,
photon grenades--
enough to equip an entire army.
on the streets immediately.
I can start getting men
What you're asking me to do
is declare martial law.
What I'm asking you to do is
let us defend this planet.
the changelings will do next,
We don't know what
but we have to be
ready for them.
Ben, tell him.
Sir, the thought of filling
the streets with armed troops
is as disturbing to
me as it is to you,
but not as disturbing
as the thought of
a Jem'Hadar army
landing on Earth
without opposition.
The Jem'Hadar are
the most brutal
and efficient soldiers
I've ever encountered.
They don't care about
the conventions of war
or protecting civilians.
They will not
limit themselves
to military targets.
They'll be waging
the kind of war
Earth hasn't seen
since the founding
of the Federation.
my people will continue
At the same time,
to undermine Earth's defenses
in any way they can.
is only the beginning.
This power outage
I never sought this job.
to simply represent my people
I was content
on the Federation Council.
to submit my name for election,
When they asked me
I almost said no.
Today, I wish I had.
We appreciate your feelings,
Mr. President,
but we don't have time
for regrets.
You accepted the job
and now it's yours.
ODO:
Mr. President
all over this planet right now
there are people
huddled in the dark, terrified
about what might happen next.
They're waiting for a sign,
something to reassure them
will be all right,
that everything
but they won't wait long.
and dangerous thing,
Fear is a powerful
and if you don't act,
if you don't show them
that they're not alone,
then fear will surely take over.
Give us the authority
we need, Mr. President
and we will take
care of the rest.
JARESH-INYO:
Earth is in your hands,
gentlemen.
Do what needs to be done.
Thank you, sir.
You've made the
right decision.
I hope you're right...
for all our sakes.
( voices approaching )
Grandpa?
Grandpa, wake up!
I'm not sleeping.
I'm checking
my eyelids for holes.
You'd better come
take a look at this.
Take a look at what?
Come on.